fix(seo): fix page titles, meta descriptions, OG tags, and heading st… (#1155)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/wash/faq.mdx

---

> title: 'wash FAQ — Wasm Shell CLI Questions'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'wash FAQ — Wasm Shell CLI Questions'
sidebar_label: 'FAQ'
```

> ---
> title: 'wash FAQ — Wasm Shell CLI Questions'
> sidebar_position: 6
> description: 'Frequently asked questions about wash, the Wasm Shell CLI — installation, builds, publishing, and the wasmCloud WebAssembly development workflow.'
> ---
> # Wasm Shell Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'wash FAQ — Wasm Shell CLI Questions'
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 'FAQ'
sidebar_position: 6
description: 'Frequently asked questions about wash, the Wasm Shell CLI — installation, builds, publishing, and the wasmCloud WebAssembly development workflow.'
---

# Wasm Shell Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
```
